Contributing To The Ray Tracing in One Weekend Series
====================================================================================================

The _Ray Tracing in One Weekend_ series is intended to be lightweight and accessible for all who
want to learn about ray tracing and related graphics topics. To that end, we welcome feedback,
proposals, and improvements.

In particular, we are now a dedicated GitHub organization. The books are now available in HTML from
https://raytracing.github.io/, so we can keep the content up-to-date with the latest corrections and
improvements.


Development Branches
---------------------
We use `master` as our release branch. _Generally, changes should never go directly to the master
branch_. All ongoing development work (and all of the latest changes) will be in the `dev-patch`,
`dev-minor`, or `dev-major` branches. The appropriate target branch for any pull requests you want
to make will be determined in the associated issue first (all PRs should have an associated issue).


Issues
-------
The easiest way to help out is to log any issues you find in the books. Unclear passages, errors of
all kinds, even better ways to present something -- just go to the [issues page][].

**Before creating a new issue**, please review existing issues to see if someone has already
submitted the same one. Chances are you're not the first to encounter something, so a little quick
research can save everyone some hassle. It's also a good idea to verify that problems still exist in
the development branch (which will be one of `dev-patch`, `dev-minor` or `dev-major`) when creating
new issues.

When entering a new issue, please include all relevant information. For content issues, include the
book or books this applies to, and specific locations that should be reviewed. Similarly for code:
please include the file, function/class, and line number(s) if that applies.


Pull Requests
--------------
To contribute a change to the project, *please follow these steps*:

  1. [Create a GitHub issue](https://github.com/RayTracing/raytracing.github.io/issues).

  2. Let us know whether you're willing to make the fix yourself.

  3. Participate in the discussion as needed. We'll ensure that the work doesn't conflict with or
     duplicate other work planned or in progress, and decide which development branch is correct
     for the release type and release schedule.

  4. Create your changes in a feature branch (or fork) from the assigned development branch
     (`dev-patch`, `dev-minor`, `dev-major`).

  5. Follow the existing code style.

  6. Include a one-line summary change at the bottom of the current development section in the
     changelog. Include a reference to the associated GitHub issue.

  7. When ready, create your pull request and request a review from "rt-contributors".

Note the code philosophy outlined in the first section of the first book. In short, the code is
intended to be clear for everyone, using simple C/C++ idioms as much as possible. We have chosen to
adopt _some_ modern conventions where we feel it makes the code more accessible to non-C++
programmers. Please follow the existing coding style and simplicity when offering your suggested
changes.

If anything above sounds daunting, note that you'll get _massive_ credit for actually reading the
CONTRIBUTING.md and following the process above -- so we'd be delighted to answer any questions and
guide you through the process.


Questions
----------
If you have any questions, feel free to ping me at steve@hollasch.net.



[issues page]: https://github.com/RayTracing/raytracing.github.io/issues/
